ROBYN:
I serve as an equalizer.
I'm the one you call
when you can't call 911.
Previously onThe Equalizer...
Come on, babe.
Five years of freedom
from being hunted by the Feds.
HARRY:
Five years of being stuck
underground.
It's getting a little old.
When I was working overseas,
no one knew who I was.
Maybe I was foolish
thinking I could do this work
so close to home.
Anything we do
risks exposing her.
As hard as this is,
we just have to trust her.
[both grunting]
[gunshot][grunts]
Someone's got to have your back.
HARRY:
Hold on a sec.
Let me get this straight.
There's a truce
between you and the D.A.
ROBYN:
She won't actively pursue me
as long as I don't go too far.
Have you met yourself?
Too far is kind of
your brand.
BOY:
Mama!
[gasps]
[shushing]
It's okay, I'm here.
I saw the ghost again, Mama.
Again?
Well, let's check.
No ghost down here.
Not in here, either.
Maybe it was just
another scary dream?
Well, in that case,
we're gonna have to put out
some ghost traps.
Get some rest, sweetheart.
I'll see you
in the morning.
[door creaks, closes]
[footsteps approaching]
♪
DELILAH:
No, no, no.
Best movie in the franchise
was the second.
Then the third,
then the first.ROBYN: Mm-mm.
I cannot believe
you like the sequels more.
It only got good
when Osiris was introduced.
See, that's
the shiny thing distracting you
from the nuanced,
tragic heroism of Captain Kojo.
Wow.
[chuckles]:
Okay, no. Aunt Vi.
Please tell her
Kojo is so cringey.
Okay, now which one's he?
Abs or face?Face. Abs is dead.
[chuckles]:
Oh, no, no, girl. I like face.
What? No.
Osiris is not dead.
He got hit by an Eternity Ray.
He is dead.
[phone rings]
I'm sorry, sweet girl.
I'm with her.
Those abs are
out of commission.
[chuckles]:
Okay. You know what?
If Osiris is not
in the movie today,
chili fries are on me.
But if he is,
I get to choose the music
on the car ride home.
Oh, you are gonna regret that
because I'm gonna blast disco.
Both ways.
[chuckles]: No.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am.
Bad news.
What? Work?
I'm not gonna be able
to make the movie today.
But can I get a raincheck?
Can we see it next weekend
instead?
No.No.
No, I'm sorry, Mom.
Uh-uh.
There's no way
I'm not seeing this movie today.
This is gonna be
all over social media tomorrow.
I mean,
spoilers everywhere.
Fine.
Enjoy your girls' day together
without me.
We'll tell you how it was.
Oh, it's like that?
Oh, it's just like that, Kojo.
[Robyn and Delilah chuckle]
Mm-mm.
Watch out for
those Eternity Rays.
[quiet chatter]
Where'd you find this?
They were posted anonymously
to the dark web
over the past two weeks.
And you think this woman is
gonna be murdered?
Yes.
There's a guy in her house
filming her,
and she has no idea.
Abe and I are admins
in a Facebook group dedicated
to saving her life.
Some people call us
"armchair detectives."
These videos,
they're threats.
There are three in all.
Who is she?
That's the problem,
nobody in the group
has been able to figure it out,
which means we can't warn her
that this creep is watching her
in her own home.
[sighs]
Have you shown this to police?
NYPD say that the videos aren't
enough to go on.
And anyone who
does believe us
can't help.
You sure it's not a scam,
or some kind of promotion?
There it is.
She's no different
than the cops.
Let's just go.Abe, wait.
Why put yourself
through this again?
Through what?
Five years ago, I had a stalker.
The cops assumed
the threat wasn't real
until he tried to kill me.
She has no voice.
We're the only ones
who can speak for her,
and this time,
someone needs to listen
before it's too late.
I'm listening.
What makes you think
this is happening in New York?
Look.
See that? The yellow?
And it's not just
any yellow.
It's RGB 255, 239, 0.
Specific to New York MetroCards.
Good eye.
How long you been
looking into this?
[scoffs]
We've been investigating
since the first video dropped.
And what has your investigation
turned up?
A suspect.
Guy's name is Brandon Mackey.
Everything points at him,
and he needs to be stopped
because he's going to kill her.
Even if he's doing these videos,
murder...
that's quite an escalation.
Not for him.
Show her.
RACHEL:
The same person who posted
the home invasion videos
posted this six months ago.
[whimpering]
[strained meowing]
If this guy can do that
to an animal,
it's only a matter of time
before he does it to a human.
[cat meowing on video]
I can't watch this.
[video stops]
How the hell can anybody
do that to a living creature?
'Cause he's a psychopath.
He enjoys it.
And he will not hesitate to kill
the woman he's stalking
if we don't stop him.
But why the videos?
Because as much
as these armchair detectives
want to take him down,
they're giving him an audience.
Which is exactly
what he wants.
HARRY:
I mean, true crime
has become an industry.
They're turning serial killers
into celebrities.
Now every Tom, Dick and Murderer
wants their own Netflix show.
I mean, l-look at
Abe and Rachel's group.
Thousands of people here,
commenting,
following, watching.
I mean,
he probably thinks of it
as some sort of sick fan club.
And, yikes.
I mean, not to be sexist,
but the women sure dig
the true crime, don't they?
Well, focusing on the bad guys
shows us
what red flags to look out for.
You know, obsessiveness,
run-ins with the law.
Men with lairs.
You said the
group had a suspect?
Brandon Mackey.
He was the first to discover
the home invasion videos.
Share them with the group.Promoting his own work?
Uh... lives in Queens.
Works at a cable company.Easy access into people's homes.
Strange.
He has no social media.
Rachel and Abe said he
deactivated his Facebook account
after the group floated him
around as a potential suspect.
Harry.
Check and see if any
new members joined the group
after Brandon left.
[electrical whirring]Mm-hmm. Ten minutes after.
Somebody named Jason Caldwell.
Trace the account.[typing]
Compare it to Brandon's.
[electrical whirring]HARRY: Nice call.
Same IP address.It's him.
Brandon couldn't give up
his fan club.
HARRY:
Speaking of red flags,
Brandon's got a sealed
juvenile record.
I'll start at his apartment,
see exactly
what we're dealing with.
All right,
you should be good.
According
to last week's payroll,
his shift doesn't end
till later tonight,
so he won't be home.
[dog barking in distance]
Get out, or I take you out.
Forget to read the manual?
Safety's on,
Davy Crockett.
Tell me who the girl is.
Please, please no.
I-I am not the stalker.
Really?
Because looking at
those printouts,
those look like trophies to me.
Trophies? No. That...
They're evidence
so I can clear my name.
Do you know what you people
have done to me?What people?
The Internet mob.
The death threats,
and doxing me.
Just destroying my life,
and all I wanted to do was help.
MAN:
Hey, Brandon!
[tires screeching]
You okay?
What the hell do you care?
I'm not with the group.
I'm just trying to get
at the truth.
Well, so was I.
Now I need a new window.
Is this the first time
the threats have been physical?
Does slashing my tires count?
Worse, now I'm linked with
those messed-up videos.
You google "dead kittens,"
my name comes up.
My girlfriend left me.
I can't go in to work 'cause
my employer's getting threats.
I was just trying
to gather evidence,
find the real psycho
or-or get the group shut down.
And your juvenile record...
I suppose that isn't your fault,
either?
No, that was all me.
Dude who got my sister hooked on
drugs showed up to her funeral,
so I beat the hell
out of him.
I'd do it again.
Look.
The videos have time stamps.
I have alibis for all of them.
I would never hurt anyone.
[phone ringing]
[shotgun clicking]
[bullets clatter on ground]
Yeah, what do you got, Harry?
Rob,
a new video just dropped.
The whole group's
talking about it.
Creep's in her house
filming her folding laundry.
And, Rob, there's a caption.
"What would you do
with your last eight hours?"
Your clients may have
been wrong about Brandon,
but they're right
about the stalker's endgame.
Yeah. He's escalating.
Which means, whoever's
making these videos
is gonna kill this woman, today.
[phone line rings]We have less than eight hours
before our stalker kills
this woman.
Harry, tell me you got
something.
How about this?
I may know
where the stalker's been
posting his videos from.
That's something.
I've traced the videos.
They've all been posted
to a dark web
video hosting site,
with spoofed IPs,
except for last Wednesday.
He didn't change his proxy
settings on his anonymizer.
Translation: He messed up.Yeah, big-time.
So, I traced that video
back to an Internet café
in the city.
I think that may be
his base of operations.
This guy wouldn't just drop
the videos and walk away.
He'd want to see the reactions.
Hear the applause.
So if he just posted it,
he might still be there.
[engine revs]
[tires screeching]
[laughing]:
Yeah, I know.
But, no.
But it is a big deal.
It means he likes her.
So, first you exchange
Snapchats, then you text,
and then if things are going
really well, you FaceTime.
But how many years until you're
actually in the same room?
Please. [chuckles]
Ooh, I love those sweaters.
I'm gonna go look.
Hurry up.
Movie starts in 20 minutes.
I don't want to miss
the trailers.
Oh. Hey.
Hey, I was gonna buy that.
That's mine.
I just hadn't taken it
to the cash register yet.
Oh. Well, I guess I could
say the same thing,
considering I'm the one
who's holding it.
Yeah...
I don't have time for this.
Just give it to me.
Excuse me?
Who do you think you are,
talking to me like that?
Oh, I can talk to you
any way I want.
[chuckles]
No, you can't.
Look, I'm not leaving here
until I get that robe.
Well, then we've got a problem.
Oh, now you're threatening me?
Just give me the robe.
I said give it to me!
Stop that.
What is wrong with you?Give it to me.
Get off of me.[gasps]
[scoffs]
Aren't you going
to do something?
She took my robe.
She shoved me.
I did no such thing.
And they know it.
[scoffs]
Fine.
I'm calling the police.
Go ahead. Call them.
Yes, hi. Hi, I'm at a store
at Broadway and 60th.
I'd like to report an assault.
DELILAH:
Okay, wait.
Hold on.
That's not what happened.
I saw the whole thing.
Oh, really?
Tell it to the cops.
See who
they believe.
Come here, baby.
[sighs]
♪
Hey!
Watch out!
♪
[panting]
[yells, grunts]Fancy seeing you here.
Wait. No, I kn--
I know this looks bad...What,
skulking around the same place
where the stalker posted
the videos? Or the running?
'Cause I don't
like either.
Look, I'm here
for the same reason you are.
[exhales] A hacker friend
traced the videos for me,
and I've been running
surveillance here for a week.
Surveillance means
sitting on Brandon's house.
Which means you knew
it wasn't Brandon.
All right, fine. I knew.
But I'm not the stalker.
Then why send everyone looking
in the wrong direction?
You wanted to
crack the case.
You wanted to be the one
in the HBO documentaries.
You didn't want Rachel
to hire me, did you?
Look, I've been working
this case for months.
Why should you get
all the glory?
Glory?Ow! Ow!
Glory?
A woman's life is at risk.
Now, you're gonna tell me
what you know.
[groans]And if it wasn't
Brandon, that means
you have something
that points to someone else.
What?
You got three seconds to
start talking or I start
snapping fingers.Ow! Okay!
Okay!
[pants]
I found another video.
An early one
that no one knew about. Look.
Taken in the same room
as the cat video.
See? It's the same wallpaper.
I figure it must be
the stalker's home?
What's with the bucket?
You don't want to know.
Here.
Now, that?
That is the mascot
for Red Brook High
School in Densburg.
Upstate New York. It's tiny.
And Brandon Mackey--
he's from Texas,
not Densburg.
[exhales]
Look, I-I only sat on it
'cause I didn't want anyone
screwing up the investigation.
I'm not a monster.
You put a woman's life at risk
so you could get
your 15 minutes.
I don't see a difference.
[phone ringing]
Hey. What's up?
Rob, we've been going
through the videos,
and we found
something.
In the killer's
latest video,
the victim's front door
has a new lock.
Must've just had it installed.
It definitely was not there
before.
MEL:
We're thinking the woman
may have realized
she was being followed.
Which means she may have
reported it to the police.
That'll be $9.50.
I got it.
Thank you.
What? Not used
to women paying?
Not used to breezing
around with you in public.
Don't have
to sneak around anymore.
Does that take
the thrill out of it for you?
Got something you need to watch.
Dinner and a movie?
Not that kind of movie.
This guy's in her house
while she's asleep.
You should've taken me
for drinks instead.
What do you think?
Your clients
are right.
NYPD can't move on this.
But I'll help if I can.
You can.
Do me a favor and
pull any reports
of any women
calling 911
about stalkers or
potential home invasions
over the last two weeks.
Sure.
What is it?
You see this?
You recognize it?
No. Do you?
Guess you don't have boys.
That's a Beyblade.
You stack 'em up together
to make different kinds of toys.
My sons love them, which means
I'm always stepping on them.
I think this woman has a kid.
And I only have a couple of
hours left to save them both.
Blinds? Really? You got
all that based on blinds?
Not just blinds. Cheap blinds.[phone rings]
Blinds spe--
Oh, good.
Hey, Robyn. Settle
an argument for us.
Do I have to?It's case-related.
Our mystery woman
sleeps in silk pajamas
and has hundred-dollar hand
cream on her bedside table.
Is that the
kind of woman
who would also buy cheap,
plastic vertical blinds
for her windows?
You're thinking
she's in a rental property.
Exactly.
Or an Airbnb.
Most likely built before 2006,
because that's when that brand
of blinds was discontinued.
Okay, what about
the new lock?
Could've been installed
by a landlord.Fine.
If it is a rental,
it's probably a house,
because there was
no intercom by the door.
And listen to this-- back when
I was military intelligence,
I may have borrowed
some NSA
audio forensics software
I forgot to return.
Used it to pick this up
from the video.
[jet engine roaring]
You hear that?
That's a commercial jet
flying close overhead.
So, wherever this house is,
I think it's in a flight path.
MEL:
I mean, narrows it down some
but not enough.
Well, might be enough.
Dante came through
with a list of 46 women
who called 911 about stalkers
or home invasions
over the last two weeks.
Names and addresses.
I emailed 'em to you.
Okay. Striking apartment
buildings, that leaves us
with 13 houses.
Only nine of which are
in neighborhoods
under flight paths.
Find out which ones
were built before 2006.
And, Mel,
let's make some calls.
See if any of 'em are rentals.
Okay, Aunt Vi,
let's just go.
I mean, all we're doing
is giving her the attention
she wants.We're not going anywhere.
Why? We did
nothing wrong.
We're gonna miss the movie
because this lady lost her mind?
Sweetheart, we're staying.
[entry bells jingle]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[speaking inaudibly]
Scuse me.
We're the
victims here.
Quiet.
♪
We understand there was an
incident here a little earlier.
Can you tell me what happened?
I picked up this robe.
That woman tried
to grab it from me.
Yes, we understand
there was some confusion
over a piece of clothing.
I wasn't confused.
I heard it got
a little physical.
She was coming at me.
I put a hand out
to hold her back.
Look, I don't think
anyone wants a problem here.
I think
what we could use
is just a bit of closure.
Are you asking me
to apologize?
If we can't come
to a peaceful resolution,
we will have to rely
on the statements taken.
And if she wants
to press things further,
that's what we'll have to do.
I see.
Well, fortunately, Officer,
you won't have to rely
on the statements.
My niece here got
the whole thing on video.
Just give me the robe.
I said give it to me.
VI:
Get off of me.
What is wrong with you?
Get off of me.[gasps]
[Lori scoffs on video]
I see.
♪
LORI:
Just give me the robe.
I said give it to me.
VI:
What is wrong with you?
Get off of me.
[scoffs]
I'm sorry. Okay?
Is that good enough?
Thank you.
Apologize
for the misunderstanding.
Excuse me, Officer.
Don't you
want to know
if I want to press charges?
Do you?
No.
I have no intention
of weaponizing the police.
[scoffs softly]
Let's go.
♪
Thanks.
Out of the houses I called,
two were rentals:
Harlem and Bed-Stuy.
But only Bed-Stuy
was built before 2006.
There's another one
in Washington Heights.
Manager said the renter moved
in a couple of months ago.
Woman and a child.
Wait, the child. Boy or girl?
Boy.That's her. What's her name?
911 report has her listed
as Vicki Howell.
Lives off of Amsterdam.
Let me see what else I can find.
Do you have her number?Calling now.
Okay, I got her.
Rob, she's a blonde.
Same as the woman in the videos.
This is strange.
All I can find of her online
are pictures of her
from high school.
Where's the school?
Red Brook High in Densburg.
Same hometown as our killer.
[beep]Vicki's not picking up.
Rob, it's been seven hours.
Which means
her time is almost out.
♪
[glass crunching]Vicki?
Vicki?
Vicki.
What happened?He attacked me.
He tried to kill me.
He heard you knocking
and he ran out the back.
Where's your son?
He took him.
You have
to find him.
He took my son.
♪
VICKI:
He came out of nowhere.
Tried to tie me up.
So, I thought if I...
if I fought,
if he kept hurting me,
he wouldn't hurt Benji.
Then he slammed my
head against the wall.
And then I heard you
at the door,
and he heard you, too.
[crying]: Then he grabbed my son
and ran out the back.
By the time I got back there,
they were gone.
DANTE:
Vicki, did you recognize
the man who attacked you?
Was he distinctive to you
in any way?
Uh, he was covered.
He had a long-sleeve
shirt, cargo pants.
Nikes.
He had gloves
and a-a ski mask, too.
He was white. Slim.
What was Benjamin wearing?
A white sweater and jeans.
You swear you'll find him?We're gonna do
everything in our power
to find your son.
ROBYN:
Vicki, we think
there's a possibility
that your attacker knew you
from back in Densburg.
Can you think
of anyone in your life
who might want
to do this to you?
DANTE:
Coworkers?
Friends? Anyone from your past
who might have resurfaced
recently?
No. I-I wish I knew
why this happened, but I don't.
I wish I had
seen it coming,
but I-I didn't.
I'll put a BOLO out
for her son and the attacker,
and I'll get CSU
out to the house.
But if the guy was
wearing gloves,
doubt they'll find prints.
Hey. Wasn't for
you, she'd be dead.
We're gonna throw everything
we have at finding the boy.
HARRY:
I got bad news.
There's no security
cams on Vicki's rental.
I scrubbed other home
and traffic cams nearby.
There was no sign of the
killer or Benjamin on foot,
and there were no cars
leaving the area
after the killer escaped.
Rob, you okay?
Close your eyes.
Okay.
Describe what I'm wearing.
[chuckles]
A camouflage sweater.
Is it white, or is it cream?
Uh,
pants.
Mm, pants with pockets?
I don't know.ROBYN: Okay.
Now tell me
what Harry's wearing.
His engineer boots.
His double indigo
raw denim.
His leather Western-style
shirt with the sterling snaps
and his, uh, veg tan leather
belt with the vintage buckle.
[chuckles]:
Okay, okay, let's stop
before we get to the boxers.
Why? That's
where it gets good.
The fact
that you couldn't describe me
as well as you did Harry
is normal.
People don't retain
details like that,
especially in trauma.
Like describing a man who
attacked you in your own home.
ROBYN:
So why did Vicki remember more
about her attacker
than her own son
who she dressed that morning?
And another thing. She said
she didn't see it coming,
but she called 911
to report a break-in,
said the cops did nothing,
and now her child is missing?
I was her, I would've been
all over Dante just now.
She didn't even mention it.
We're missing something.
The killer had a mug
from Vicki's high school.
Harry, can you
pull up a yearbook
from Vicki's time at Red Brook?
Yeah.
RACHEL:
Vicki? Hi.
I'm Rachel.
They told me about you.
You're one of the people
that was trying to find me.
I am so sorry about your son.
If it wasn't for you,
we'd both be dead.
What made you help me?
Because it happened to me,
and I couldn't stop it.
You needed to be there for me
because you couldn't be there
for yourself.
[keys clacking]
HARRY:
Okay, these are
all the photos I could find
from Vicki's yearbook.
You think the guy who
attacked her is in these photos?
ROBYN:
Yeah, I do.
But I'm starting to think
it's not a guy.
Harry, the picture of Vicki
in a softball uniform? Zoom in
on the girl
in the background.
HARRY:
You recognize her?
That's the woman I rescued.
What?
HARRY:
"Amber Nelson."She's the stalker.
I must've interrupted her
before she could kill Vicki,
so she cut herself.
Played the victim.
So, where is the real Vicki,
and where is her son?
Right where
Amber left them.
Dante.
Vicki?
Benjamin?
[whimpers]
AMBER:
So, the group you created.
All those people.
They all saw the videos?
We analyzed every frame of them
trying to find you.
And you were all
going to watch my murder?
No. I-I would've never tr...Well, maybe not you.
But most everyone
wants to watch the car crash.
I bet some people
were looking forward to it.
Rachel?
What are you doing here?
I came to see Vicki.
We just had the
strangest conversation.
Where is she?
Thanks, Dante.
Vicki and Benjamin
are safe.
I should've seen it.
Yeah, I should have, too.
But psychopaths
are master manipulators.
She asked about the group.
It was almost like
she was excited
about how many people
were watching.
I was so obsessed, I threw an
innocent man to the wolves.
Gave her the
attention she craved.
Did I create a monster?
You saved Vicki and her son.
I just wish
I could've done better.
Well, you still can.
Use the group.
Get Amber's name out there.
The more people
we have looking for her,
the faster we can find her.
[indistinct radio transmission]
All right.
NYPD's watching travel hubs,
and all units are on
the lookout for Amber,
but nothing yet.We need to figure
out her next move.
You think she's got one?
I mean,
Vicki's in protective custody.
If I were Amber, I'd take
the "L" and go to ground.
Amber doesn't
care about Vicki.
She cares about
what she represents.
Apparently, Amber and Vicki were
friends back in junior high,
but in high school,
Vicki became popular.
Amber resented it.
Felt rejected. Became
creepily obsessed with becoming
popular herself.
Did everything she could
to get attention.
Well, after graduating,
the attention seeking
didn't stop.
She tried influencing.
Auditioned for reality shows.
Hi, guys.
My name is Amber Olsen.
Never getting any traction.
Until she posted
that animal abuse video.
Exactly.
Now she's got her audience.
And once she got it,
she didn't want to lose it.
Amber needed an even
more compelling victim,
and who better than
her old friend Vicki?
Did you know
all of Ted Bundy's victims
looked like the first girl
who rejected him?
It wasn't about her.
It was about the rejection.
Amber doesn't care about Vicki.
She cares about the attention.
Keep an eye on the
Facebook group tonight.
If she's gonna make a move,
she's gonna do it there first.
Yes, Abe, I know
the cops are looking for her,
but we have to help.
We know who she is now.
We can use the group to find her
before she can hurt anyone else.
Get all the admins online.
I'll be uploading the info
in five.
[gasps]
Hello, friend.
[door closes]ROBYN:
Boy, I swear, some days feel
like years.
So, how was the movie?
Uh, we didn't go.
LORI:
Aren't you going to do
something?
She took my robe. She shoved me.
VI:
I did no such thing.
And they know it.[Lori scoffs]
LORI:
Fine.
I'm calling the police.Unbelievable.
I know.
I thought about posting it,
but...
Aunt Vi handled it like a boss.
You would have been
so proud, Mom.
That was nothing
to be proud of, baby.
I mean, but we stood our ground.
We got what we wanted.
[chuckles]:
No.
What I wanted
was to go to the movies.
was to be presumed innocent.
That cop went to that woman
and got her story first
because her whiteness
was synonymous with truth.
I am a middle-class
Black woman,
and without that
phone, I would
probably be sitting
in a jail right now
because I was never going
to apologize to Miss Thang.
What I really wanted to do
was bitch-slap that heifer.
But I couldn't.
Yeah, I get that.
I mean, but...
we can't control
how they behave.
Delilah Fulton,
don't you buy into that lie.
Don't do it.
I've been protesting
all my life,
from sit-ins to George Floyd.
Same fight over and over again
to be seen,
to be heard,
to be human.
And it hurts.
And that hurt gets turned
into rage,
because rage is...
is much easier to live with.
If we had taken the...
easy road today
and left without being heard,
that's what poisons our spirit.
Don't do it, love.
Don't buy that lie.
Don't let 'em sell you on that.
Aunt Vi, you want me
to take care of this?
VI:
It's not about
that woman today.
It's about...
It's about a lifetime of this.
Just a million little cuts.
[phone buzzes]
[Vi sniffles]
Harry, what's going on?
An anonymous post just went up
on the group's message board.
What'd it say?
MEL:
"Stay tuned."
She's about to make a move.
She's already made it.
The post came with a picture.
Rob, she has Rachel.
And we have no idea
where she could be.
[gasps, panting]
[groans]
Comfortable?
What are you doing?
Making you a star.
Guys, she's live.
Look at this.
Audience is
pouring in. There's
a thousand people watching.
Dante just checked Rachel's
apartment. She's not there.
Is there any way
to track 'em?
That's what I'm trying to do.
AMBER:
Look at those numbers.
What an audience, huh?
I told you
they'd all want
to watch the show.
Harry?
Rachel's phone is off.
The video feed IP
is spoofed. I can't track it.
Well, there must be some way
to find her.
AMBER:
You found me.
Good work, group.
And you all remember Rachel,
the women responsible
for all of this.
Which is why you're
perfect for this.
Because without you,
I wouldn't have an audience.
I really should thank you.
Go to hell.
Maybe, but I'll go famous.
[Amber grunts softly]
I think
this is the most popular
I've ever been.
Harry, the window
behind Rachel--
can you blow it up?
[computer chirping]
There. The blue trim
across the way.
That's got to be unique.
Not unique enough to find her
in time. She could be anywhere.
Wait a minute.
You see that? Look.
Underneath there--
you see that thin wire?
I think that may be an eruv.
It's like a...
It's a way to delineate
the holy area
for Orthodox Jews
during Shabbat.
Okay, so follow the wire,
find the blue trim.
Find Rachel. How
big of a holy area
could it be?Half the island of Manhattan.
I could think
of a few other boroughs, too.
Look, we could crawl
street view maps
along the entire
length of the wire
until we find some blue windows,
but it would take us hours.
I mean,
even-even if we divvy it up,
there's just not enough of us.Sure there are.
Time to give
our armchair detectives
one more task.
See if the group recognizes it.
AMBER:
Funny, isn't it?
That you did all this
just so you could
forgive yourself,
and get rid of the stink
of having been a victim.
Selfish and ironic, because
you ended up the victim again.
I guess
that's just who you are.
That's not who I am.
Not anymore.
And for the record,
I'm not responsible
for who you are
or what you've done.
That's all on you.
You're the desperate one,
and they all know it.
You think you're popular?
All those people?
They pity you.
Go, girl.
Looks like it's
a full house.
Time to bring
the show to a close.
If you do, that'll
be it for you.
Without this, without them,
you're nothing, and you know it.
You're right.
Let's make it slow.
[zipper opens]
Remember what I did
to those kittens?
That's what I'm going
to do to you.
Hold on, Rachel.
[computer chimes]
Wait. Is this it?
Got it. Look. From
someone in the group.
Compare it to the live video.
ROBYN:
That's it.
That's a match. Where is it?
It's near Midtown;
it's 30 minutes away.
You're never gonna make it.No.
But it's near
Rachel's apartment.
Dante's near there.
I'm close.
I just need a few minutes.
We only have
a few minutes.
We need to stall.
Amber's not gonna kill Rachel
without an audience.
Can you take it away from her?With a spoofed IP,
I can't cut the video
at the source.
I can crash the platform,
but that's buying us
five minutes at the most.Do it.
[sighs]
[beep]
See?Take it down again.
It's not as
easy this time.
When I crashed the
system, it kicked me out.
It's gonna take
a few minutes.
We don't have minutes!
I know.
Any last words, Rachel?
Harry?I'm trying. Where is Dante?!
He's not answering.
Enjoy.
No! Damn it, no!
[groans]
[loud, muffled groaning]
[gasping]
[loud thud, Amber yells]
[footsteps]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
They got her.
Rachel's safe.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct radio transmission]
OFFICER: Can we get
the ones on her ankle?
[chatter continues]
Turn it off.
[phone buzzing]
They've been
calling all day.
CNN, BuzzFeed,
Good Morning America.
They all say they want to hear
my version of what happened.
They're calling me a hero.
You don't sound so happy.
I still don't know how I feel.
In a way, Amber was right.
We did create her.
And Abe, withholding evidence?
All for fame.
I turned them down.
What I don't want to do is
give Amber any more attention
than she's already gotten.
Well, you'll be happy
to hear all of her videos
are being scrubbed
from the Internet.
The only people who will
see 'em now will be on her jury.
And Brandon?
Might take a little more time
to undo the damage.
But the apologies from your
group was a good first step,
and he's been cleared
from all the search engines.
I'm going off-line, too.
Right now,
I'm craving some anonymity.
[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me?
Excuse me. Excuse me!
I saw your keychain
the other day.
Turns out real estate agents
are pretty easy to find online.
What can I do for you?
I'm sorry to bother you at work.
I don't want a fight.
But... my aunt was upset
after that thing at the store.
Like, really upset.
And I think
she has a right to be.
But I just don't know
if you understand why,
and maybe that's because you've
never been on the other side.
So... I thought if you watched
the video I took,
you could see what it
looked like from her, or
our perspective.
And maybe next time,
things could be different.
You know...
you seem like a nice girl.
Very articulate
and civilized.
Especially considering the kind
of people you were raised by.
But if your aunt wants
to apologize,
she can come do it herself.
[phone whooshes]
Hey, Lori?
I just made you famous.
[whooshing and chiming]
Give me the robe.
I said, give it to me!
VI:
What is wrong with you?
Get off of me!
Are you serious?
♪ Another drop in the ocean
♪ Forgive me, forgive me
♪ And I will forgive you,
forgive you ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd trade my money
♪ And all of my youth
♪ To settle the score
with you. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org